Ta‐daa!
[PROUD]
[EXERTION]/[PROUD]
Wow!
[IMPRESSED]/[IMPRESSED]
That dress is so pretty!
She's right. It looks super.
Pokémon Showcase.
It's your first.
Yeah!
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a Hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Showcase Debut!"
NARRATOR Our Heroes are
continuing their stay
in Coumarine City because
It's now time for Serena's
Pokémon Showcase debut.
[all gasping]
‐ Where's registration?
‐ 'There you are.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Hm?
‐ 'Shauna!'
‐ Hey, Shauna.
So you're in the Coumarine
Pokémon Showcase, too.
I can't stand by
and let Serena win.
Because from this point on,
we're rivals, right?
Huh? That's right.
But there's no way
I'm gonna lose.
Hmph.
Hm. Hah!
I'm not gonna lose, either.
Hmph.
[all gasping]
‐ Ah!
‐ Pretty cool place, huh?
Uh‐huh.
Kind of nerve‐racking,
isn't it?
I've done this once before,
but I'm still nervous.
Mm‐hmm.
7SERENA 'Soon, this place is
gonna be packed with people,
right?'
And now,
your future Kalos Queen.
None other than me, Jessilee.
You tell them, Your Majesty!
You're on the scene
and everything's keen.
With a keen grasp
of the obvious.
‐ Come, loyal subjects.
‐ Yes, ma'am!
[EMPHATIC]
Huh?
Right. I've got other rivals.
Of course.
Try not to get overwhelmed.
She's right!
Overwhelm them instead!
[chuckles]
Make way.
Your queen is coming through.
‐ Huh?
[indistinct chattering]
Palermo,
we've arrived at the venue.
Do I really have
to go through this?
WOMAN ASST. 'Yes, please. I'll
have the limo
pick you up in the
morning.'
[sighs]
We've been expecting you.
This way, please.
‐ Palermo!
‐ Excuse me, ma'am.
Your feelings on returning
to the Pokémon Showcase world
as a judge, please? Palermo?
[crowd cheering]
I wonder if Jessie
will pull it off.
No doubt,
there isn't a spotlight
she's not in love with.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Can't wait, Pikachu. You, too?
[EXCITED]
Let's make sure
we cheer loudly for Serena.
[EXCITED]/[EXCITED]
[crowd cheering]
[chuckles]
Here we go.
PIERRE 'Bonjour, people of
Kalos, devoted fans of Pokémon.'
'The Coumarine Rookie Class
Pokémon Festival Showcase'
'the Celebration of Beginnings'
is about to begin
with grace and elegance.
I will be your guide through
this splendid dream world
Monsieur Pierre!
I invite all of you at home,
as well as here in the audience
'to be part of a beauty'
'unsurpassed anywhere else.'
No. There will never be
another Kalos Queen like Aria.
Our gifted performers
and their Pokémon
are sure to fill each
and every one of your hearts
'with magnificence,
awe and delight.'
[HAPPY]
Hey, do I know that Pokémon?
POKEDEX
Klefki. The Key Ring Pokémon.
'Klefki love to collect keys
and will confront opponents'
'with a fierce jingle
of their collection.'
[EXCITED]/[EAGER]
Cool!
[EXCITED]
Merci, Klefki.
And the winner of
the Rookie Class will receive
the coveted Princess Key.
[all gasping]
[IMPRESSED]
Aww, isn't that quaint.
[EAGER]
Shauna, Jessilee, Alouette,
you're all coming up next.
‐ Thanks!
Off I go. Wish me luck.
Sure. Good luck, Shauna.
JESSIE
'That's our cue, Pumpkaboo.'
[EXCITED]/[CONCERNED]
When a Pokémon performer wins
three Princess Keys..
...she gets the opportunity
to compete in the Master Class!
[EMPHATIC]
So cool!
And the winner of
the prestigious Master Class
will be crowned Kalos Queen
in all of her glory and majesty!
[JUBILANT]
Kalos Queen.
So, sit back and get ready
as I take you by the hand
and lead you to our
Pokémon Showcase performances!
And now, I present the Theme
Performance for the first stage.
And this exciting theme is..
...Magnifique!
It's Pokémon Styling!
Now, here are our
first three performers.
[crowd cheering]
Hello!
PIERRE 'Using our Pokémon
Styling theme'
'performers will see who can
best style their Pokémon '
'at the height of fashion,
and all within ten minutes.'
'However, only one
of our three performers'
'will advance
to the next stage.'
So it's a fashion show.
Then there's nothing
to worry about with Serena.
This should be
a walk in the park.
No duh. She can't lose!
PIERRE
'Alright, Pokémon performers'
are you all ready?
It's time to style away
s'il vous plait!
'Pokémon Styling,
a performer's sense of style'
'combined with the chemistry
between the performer'
'and their Pokémon
is put to the test.'
'You are witnessing a veritable
performance fantastique.'
'These performances
extraordinaire'
'as our competitors
work with their Pokémon '
'are truly works of art
in themselves.'
There are only
a few minutes left.
It's time for the secret
finishing touches.
In the blink of an eye,
you will witness their work
'unveiled
and out on our runway.'
'Time's up!'
And now,
let's view their artistry.
I call on Alouette
and her Pokémon, Furfrou
to please proceed out here
to the runway.
[EXCITED]
[crowd cheering]
Huh..
PIERRE
Next up is performer Shauna
and her Pokémon, Bulbasaur.
[EXCITED]
[chuckling]
Oh.
[crowd cheering]
Wow!
[EXCITED]
It looks just like a bouquet.
Wow! Way to go, Shauna!
Finally,
we have performer, Jessilee
and her Pokémon, Pumpkaboo!
[EXCITED]
[chuckling]
[SINISTER]
Presenting Beautiful
and the Beast!
Enjoy the view.
'It's Beast Pumpkaboo.'
[EXCITED]
Yes! First prize, Jessilee!
You're the winner, you'll see.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Now, ladies and gentlemen,
you will be the judge!
Please, grab your glow sticks.
He means this, right?
[chuckles]
PIERRE
'When I give the signal'
'please light up
your glow stick'
in the color that corresponds
with the performer
who you have judged
to be the creme de la creme.
Un, deux, trois!
[EXCITED]
BONNIE
'Ah, so pretty!'
[giggling]
That can't be.
Who turned out my light?
The performer who will be
advancing to the next stage is..
...Shauna and her
fabulous Bulbasaur!
[chuckles]
Bulbasaur, we did it!
[THRILLED]
[laughs]
Wow, Shauna did it!
[EXCITED]/[EXCITED]
Shauna's so awesome.
[grunting]
Ridiculous!
We're out of here, Pumpkaboo!
[INDIGNANT]
Uh‐oh. This could
be bad for our health.
Preventive measures time.
[WORRIED]
Huh?
You'll be great.
Don't worry, Serena.
Yeah? Thanks a lot.
Blanche. Clarissa. Serena.
Time to get ready.
You're all up next!
Oh.
Right.
And now,
we move on to our last trio.
There she is!
[EXCITED]
You can do it, Serena!
Oh, I'm getting nervous
and I'm only in the audience.
[SURPRISED]/[CONCERNED]
Huh?
[Serena thinking]
That's right. I'm not alone.
Fennekin is with me.
Now. Let's take our first step
towards our dream.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Klefki!
[EXERTION]
Alright, it's time to style away
s'il vous plait!
Hmm. That and that! Okay!
Hmm..
[UNSURE]
[Serena thinking]
The pink one.
[PLEASED]
Fennekin?
[ATTENTIVE]
SERENA
We've been training hard
for our performance today,
haven't we?
You know what Ash said.
Remember?
He said that, "Nothing we
ever do is a waste of time."
And that means I'm going to use
everything I've learned.
[chimes]
Time for the secret
finishing touches.
SERENA 'There!
You're all set, Fennekin.'
Of course
that signals our time's up.
Please proceed to the runway.
And first up?
Blanche and her
Pokémon, Meowstic.
[giggling]
'Next up,
Claris and Fletchling.'
And go!
PIERRE 'Last but not least,
Serena and Fennekin!'
Let's go.
[EAGER]
[crowd cheering]
Aw! That's the cutest thing!
Awesome! Great, you two!
[EXCITED]/[OPTIMISTIC]
What an adorable look!
[OPTIMISTIC]
Fennekin? I think I'm having
the most fun I've ever had!
[EXCITED]
[all gasping]
Fennekin!
[SHOCKED]
[DEVASTATED]
PIERRE 'And that's all
for our Styling performance.'
'Our Freestyle Performance
is after the break.'
[SAD]
I'm sorry, Fennekin.
[ASHAMED]
And, Pancham? You, too.
[RESILIENT]
‐ Serena..
‐ I guess I overdid it.
I should have considered
Fennekin walking next to me.
You did a great job showing off
Fennekin though, really.
Thank you, Shauna.
I'm going to get changed.
I'm going to be cheering
for you in the next round.
Thanks.
[CONCERNED]
And here we go.
It's time for our exciting
Freestyle Performance
in which performer
and Pokémon unite as one.
Get ready!
This is a one‐of‐a‐kind stage.
A combination
of performance and skill.
Each performer
may use up to six Pokémon.
And of course, the judge
will be you, our audience.
Relax and enjoy
our Freestyle Performance.
Next up, it's performer Shauna.
There she is.
[EXCITED]
Ready, Bulbasaur?
[EAGER]
Flabebe?
Flabebe, Fairy Wind, go!
And Bulbasaur, use Petal Dance!
[PETAL DANCE MOVE]
[laughing]
Wow!
She looks just like a fairy!
[IMPRESSED]
SHAUNA
'Bulbasaur, use Solar Beam.'
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
[crowd cheering]
Ah..
PIERRE
'And now, for our final tally.'
Which performer has gathered
the most votes from you
the audience?
[drum roll]
'It's performer, Shauna!'
'The Princess Key is yours!'
Alright!
[EXCITED]
So cool. She won!
She did a really great job!
[IMPRESSED]/[IMPRESSED]
Shauna's one step
ahead of me now.
[SAD]
[OPTIMISTIC]
There. I watched all of it.
That's it for the Rookie Class
Pokémon Festival Showcase
the Celebration of Beginnings!
Au revoir!
‐ Congratulations, Shauna!
‐ Thanks, Serena!
Just wait until
Tierno and Trevor find out.
Let me tell them, okay?
I want to see
the looks on their faces.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
You'll see. I'll catch up
to you in no time.
Right! Let's both do our best
to become Kalos Queen.
Bye, you guys!
I'll see you later! Bye!
Bye!
Take care, Shauna!
See you later!
[WARM]
What do you say
we all go and have dinner
at the Pokémon Center?
Yay! I'm so hungry!
I wonder if Serena
will be alright.
I'm sure she knows
we all make mistakes, but still.
‐ It's always fun with you.
‐ 'Serena will be fine.'
Don't forget, she's strong.
Yeah, you're right.
Of all the nerve!
The people of Kalos
must have awful taste
since they didn't vote for me.
Next time,
let's make it a group effort.
Yeah!
And your partner can be me.
Huh, are you serious?
You bet! I'm mad, too!
Alright, fasten your seatbelts!
I'll rule Kalos as the queeniest
queen you ever saw.
‐ Yeah!
[EMPHATIC]
‐ Alright, Ash. You're next!
‐ Hm?
‐ Going for your fifth badge.
‐ Wow.
I'm going
for my fifth badge already.
[EXCITED]
Well, looks like
the time has finally come.
Oh, yeah. My next
Gym battle's against you.
[EAGER]
So, we'll head
to Lumiose City. Great.
ASH And let's give it
all we've got, Pikachu.
[DETERMINED]
Yes. No.
No one really thrilled me.
Yes, I'll be ready at 6:00 a. m.
[CONCERNED]/[CONCERNED]
[sobbing]
[WORRIED]/[WORRIED]
[crying]
[WORRIED]
[STERN]
[AFFECTIONATE]
Aah! Oh!
Oh, you.
Huh?
I'm sorry.
It was all my fault.
[COMPASSIONATE]/[COMPASSIONATE]
But you know what?
You see, I've never
felt like this before.
Know why? I'm a performer now.
'I'm finally at the starting
line of the race to my dream.'
[CONFUSED]/[CONFUSED]
[panting]
[EXERTION]
[CONFUSED]/[CONFUSED]
Hmm.
Palermo? Did you see
anybody of interest?
Hm, it's a secret.
Hey, where's Serena?
[CONFUSED]
Now that's strange.
She knows we're leaving soon.
I'll go look. Huh!
Ta‐da!
Sorry I'm late!
What do you think?
[PROUD]/[PROUD]
‐ Huh!
‐ Your hair!
What in the world did you do?
You chopped most of it off!
Come on!
I liked your long hair!
Time for a change.
I think it looks kind of cute.
Yeah, I think so, too!
‐ Aw. Thank you, Ash!
‐ Huh?
‐ 'Is that ribbon..'
‐ Yeah.
It's the present you gave me.
You're wearing it.
It looks great!
[EXCITED]
[chuckles]
Okay, let's go to Lumiose City!
I'll race you there!
Hey! It's my Gym battle,
you know!
Yeah, against me!
NARRATOR
And so, with Serena's Pokémon
Showcase debut behind her
our Heroes' adventure begins
as they head to Lumiose City.
And next up, it's Ash's
Gym battle against Clemont
as the journey continues.
[theme music]